PROBLEM STATEMENT
Fox Ciel has an undirected simple graph with N vertices. This graph has a special property: the degree of each vertex is at least N-3.


Ciel wants to color the vertices of this graph. If there is an edge between vertex u and vertex v, she must use different colors for u and v.


You are given a vector <string> graph. The vertices of the graph are labeled 0, 1, 2, and so on. If the j-th character of the i-th element of graph is 'Y', there is an edge between vertex i and vertex j. If the j-th character of the i-th element of graph is 'N', there is no edge between vertex i and vertex j. Return the minimal number of colors required to color this graph.

DEFINITION
Class:ChromaticNumber
Method:minColors
Parameters:vector <string>
Returns:int
Method signature:int minColors(vector <string> graph)


NOTES
-A graph is called simple if there are no self-loops and each pair of vertices is connected by at most one direct edge.
-The degree of vertex v is the number of vertices that are adjacent to v.
-The constraint "the degree of each vertex is at least N-3" is also satisfied for any simple graph with N=1 or N=2.


CONSTRAINTS
-graph will contain between 1 and 50 elements, inclusive.
-Each element of graph will contain exactly N characters, where N is the number of elements in graph.
-Each character in each element of graph will be either 'Y' or 'N'.
-For all i, the i-th character of the i-th element of graph will be 'N'.
-For all i and j, the i-th character of the j-th element of graph will be equal to the j-th character of the i-th element of graph.
-Each element of graph will contain at least N-3 'Y', where N is the number of elements in graph.


EXAMPLES

0)
{"N"}

Returns: 1

This graph contains only one vertex, so Ciel can color this graph with one color.




1)
{"NYY",
 "YNN",
 "YNN"}

Returns: 2

Ciel can color this graph with two colors as follows.




2)
{"NYNN",
 "YNNN",
 "NNNY",
 "NNYN"}

Returns: 2



3)
{"NYNY",
 "YNYY",
 "NYNN",
 "YYNN"}

Returns: 3



4)
{"NYYYYYYY",
 "YNYYYYYY",
 "YYNYYYYY",
 "YYYNYYYY",
 "YYYYNYYY",
 "YYYYYNYY",
 "YYYYYYNY",
 "YYYYYYYN"}

Returns: 8


